# Support Tech

npm has more than 3 million users worldwide and that number is growing
fast. Their use-cases are incredibly diverse: from systems
administrators writing automation tools, to hobbyists building robots,
to back-end engineers building mobile app APIs, to millions of
front-end developers.

And every day, tens of thousands of brand new users show up.

Our mission at npm is to reduce developer friction.  We do it by
building tools that make JavaScript developers' lives easier, by
maintaining a registry with better than 99.999% uptime, and by
answering each of the tweets, emails, and GitHub issues that our users
send us every day.

npm has been successful because we care about our users.  "npm loves
you" is not just marketing; it's a core company value.  Users
frequently report our responsive and friendly support team as a key
reason why they love our products.

We're growing fast, and that means more users to support!  We're
opening two roles for new Support Techs.

The right people for this job combine empathy and communication skills
with a passion for solving technical problems.  Experience with Open
Source and customer service are beneficial, but not required.

Your job will be to serve as the first line of support, fielding
common questions, building up FAQs, on-boarding new customers, and
solving the unusual or complicated cases yourself, with the help of
every member of the engineering team.

By directly helping our users and customers, and interacting with
every member of the team, you'll gain the kind of cross-company
insight that is so valuable to a career in technology.

Occasionally, this means you will come face to face with unsavory
content, and be responsible for banning trolls and helping to keep the
npm community a safe and friendly place.  You'll have the technical
and emotional support of the entire company, and the gratitude of
countless developers who participate in the npm ecosystem.

You'll report directly to Ernie Salazar, support team manager.  You'll
be a full employee with all benefits, including competitive salary and
stock options.  We are not accepting remote candidates for this role.
